Turning yourself over was a wise decision.
Come with me.
Begin testing her at once.
I want confirmation.
Is there a problem, Dr. Karr?
No.
I'll handle it.
Where's Nala Se?
In a cell.
I'm afraid the Kaminoan
won't be aiding you in another escape.
I'll return later for the results.
Emerie,
you don't have to do this.
I'm sorry, but I do.
For what it's worth,
I'm glad you're safe.
Am I?
The troopers have pulled out,
but the cruiser's still jamming our comms.
I still can't believe you let
Omega turn herself in.
The Empire would have destroyed
this whole town.
She stopped them.
Yeah, and they've got her again.
And we're stuck here without a ship.
Even if we get our hands on a ship,
we still have no way
of finding Tantiss base.
That's not exactly true.
Wait. You've known
where Tantiss is this whole time?
I didn't say I know.
There's someone
who might have the coordinates.
Who?
Admiral Rampart.
He sent Nala Se there
when we decommissioned Tipoca City.
Why didn't you say anything before?
Because Tantiss isn't a place
I ever wanted to go back to.
And Rampart's
not particularly trustworthy.
He is a last resort,
but he's also our only option.
Where's Rampart now?
I was still in the Empire
when they arrested him.
He was sent to--
Do not shoot!
I second that.
I found Phee during my scout.
I saw the Imperials on my approach.
When I landed, Doc here
briefed me on the situation.
How did you get in here unseen?
Used the hidden cavern access
when I docked my ship.
We're gonna need to borrow that.
You must be Crosshair.
Tech told me all about
your sparkling personality.
Is that a no?
Any friend of brown eyes
is a friend of mine.
Where are we heading?
An Imperial labor camp on Erebus.
Ooh, I like this already.
Don't you order me around.
You're the one slowing us down.
I called in a favor
with one of my contacts.
It cost me a hefty sum,
but I've got an overview
of the labor camp on Erebus.
Think you can get us close enough
to the perimeter undetected?
I know I can.
Tricks of the trade.
But once you're past the perimeter,
they've got guards, sensors, and scouts.
Give us a real challenge.
Once we hit the ground,
we have to tap into the prison data bank
and pinpoint Rampart's location.
We can use a terminal
at one of the checkpoints.
Phee, when we acquire the target,
we'll comm you for a pickup.
Uh, if we get any closer to those ships,
we'll show up on their sensors.
No, we won't.
Remember that trick I mentioned?
Phee.
Oh, relax.
I'd expect you to know
a stealth approach when you see it.
Quiet as usual.
Hopefully, next assignment
we'll see some action.
Plug in
and find out where Rampart is.
Why haven't we heard the signal?
Our shift was supposed to be over by now.
I've told you I don't speak...
...whatever it is you speak.
At least we're
in agreement on that.
Found him.
Rampart's tagged to be transported back
to the prison from the mining structure.
The prison's on the other side
of this bridge.
Our best shot at grabbing Rampart
is to intercept them
when they're en route from the mine.
Take on a turbo tank?
Yeah. Now you're talking.
We can't hit it head-on.
They'll see us coming.
Not if we're under it.
Follow me.
This is Transport One.
Prisoners are secure.
Heading back to base now.
Get into position.
I'll secure the controls.
You two handle Rampart.
Now.
- A sensor's been tripped.
Check it out.
Anything?
Yep.
Clear.
It's magnetically sealed.
Wrecker, remember plan 55?
Oh. Yeah. 55.
Waiting on you.
Go.
CT-9904?
You remembered.
How touching.
The target's secured.
The target?
What is this?
Are you here to kill me?
Tempting, but no.
What about them?
Move it!
Go! Now!
Come on. Move it!
Sir, one of the transports has made
an unscheduled stop mid-route.
Run a diagnostic on their comms.
All clear.
That should distract
the Imperials for a bit.
And what about me?
You're fine right where you are.
If you're not here to execute me,
and you're not letting me go,
then you must need something from me.
Tantiss base.
Where is it?
Ah.
Tantiss.
And how much is
that information worth to you?
You're not in a position to bargain.
Hmm.
I disagree.
I'll talk after you get me
off this planet.
You don't get what you want
if I don't get what I want.
We're approaching the bridge.
Wrecker, man the cannon.
Sir, I believe Transport One's comms
are being jammed.
What?
The tank's speed is increasing.
I think it's been compromised.
Bring up the gunships,
seal off the bridge,
and reroute Transport Two to intercept.
- New orders.
We're to hold the bridge.
Hunter, they're sealing off the bridge!
I see it.
Is that all they've got?
The armor's too strong.
Take out the wheels.
Hold on!
Oh, please.
You're not going to kill me.
Hmm.
Not yet.
Phee, we're past the perimeter
and need that pickup.
Cannons are offline!
We've got troopers up top.
Controls are dead.
We're running out of road!
Not exactly a stealth exit, boys.
Let's move!
Move closer!
Hurry! Jump!
Whoa.
We got you off the planet.
Now tell us where Tantiss is.
It's more complicated than that.
Complicated how?
No one knows the coordinates to Tantiss.
It was designed that way.
But I might know how to get around that.
Either you tell us now, or we drop you
back in that Imperial prison.
Now, now.
No need for threats.
After all, we're in this together.
Dr. Karr, what are Omega's results?
Her blood sample yielded
a favorable M-Count replication.
As expected.
What does that mean?
I'll show you.
Did you know an individual's M-Count
can not be directly replicated?
Attempts have been made,
but each time, the levels degraded.
And so we experimented.
Where are you taking me?
The vault.
We tried various methods,
mixing samples
from our other test subjects,
yet nothing worked...
until we combined your sample
with one of our M-Count specimens.
You are a vital piece
to our work here, Omega.
Who are they?
They are the rest of the puzzle.
And this, this is your new home.